TELCODOCS-2125 NIST 800-53 RAN hardening for high security issues 2 (#90286)
openshift/openshift-docs: edge_computing/ztp-security-hardening.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="ztp-security-hardening"]
= Security hardening for edge deployments (Technology preview)
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: security-hardening

toc::[]

:FeatureName: RAN hardening for high security issues
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

> Security hardening is important for protecting edge deployments. NIST SP 800-53 and CIS Kubernetes benchmarks provide the foundation for securing containerized workloads, enforcing zero trust, and ensuring regulatory compliance. To mitigate risks, safeguard critical telecommunications infrastructure, and enhance resilience at the edge, it is vital to align with these security frameworks.

Reviewer: If the name of the feature is "RAN hardening" consider explaining or using "RAN" in the first paragraph.

> The Compliance Operator running a custom telecommunications security profile, based on NIST SP 800-53 and CIS Kubernetes benchmark v1.5.0, on {product-title}, identified areas for security hardening and validated adherence to best practices. Enhancements in {product-version}, primarily implemented using ZTP manifests, are proactively implementing these critical security controls. The following sections detail the high-severity security hardening measures being implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Compliance Operator on {product-title}, running a custom telecommunications security profile based on NIST SP 800-53 and CIS Kubernetes benchmark v1.5.0, identified areas for security hardening and validated adherence to best practices. Using ZTP manifests, enhancements in {product-version} provide these critical security controls. The following sections detail the high-severity security hardening measures being implemented.
```

Reviewer: I tried to suggest some rewording to avoid saying "enhancements are proactively implementing" because I don't think that an enhancement can implement anything...hope this is helpful.
